Instructor: In this video, we'll see how we can log
any mouse or keyboard event that happens
on the target computer.
We're gonna do that using a plugin, or a module,
that comes in with Meterpreter,
so I have my Meterpreter here already,
and to do that, all you need to do
is just type keyscan_start.
Now, all of this exists in the help.
If you run the help, you'll see it there,
and now it started my keystroke sniffer.
So I have my Firefox running here,
and let's say I wanted to go to facebook.com,
and then I wanted to log in to my, now, as you can see,
it's HTTPS here, and nothing is wrong about it.
Now, let's say I wanted to log in to my account,
so I'm gonna put my account, zaid@isecurity.org,
and let's say I put my password, which is 123456,
Now, obviously, this is the wrong password,
I'm just trying to show you here.
Now, if we come back here to see the log
of everything that has been recorded,
we're gonna type in keyscan_dump.
Now, as you can see, now we can see that the target person
typed in facebook.com, hit enter,
then they put their username, which is zaid@isecurity.org,
hit tab, and then they put the password 123456.
Now, this will obviously record everything
that happens in there.
To stop this, you can just do keyscan_stop
and it'll stop the sniffer.
Now, another cool thing that you can do
is you can get a screenshot,
so you can just type in screenshot,
if I spelled that right,
and it'll save it here for you in the root.
Now, if I go to my browser,
you'll see that I have a screenshot.
I believe it's this one,
and it's showing you what's here on the target computer.
You can see it in here.
Now, these are just two useful features.
The keylogging is very useful
because you can get usernames and passwords from it
and see what the target person is doing.
The screenshot, you can see them,
kind of get an idea of what they're doing as well,
but definitely, the keylogger is much more useful.
Now, obviously, you can use other keylogger programs,
like a portable key logger, and all you have to do
is just upload it using the upload command
that we learned before and execute it.